For our meditation this morning, shall we turn to the Gospel according to St. Luke, chapter 21?
And let's read verses 34 to 36.
Praise be to God.
Jesus is telling us to take heed to ourselves.
We have to take heed to ourselves.
We are in such terrible times.
When we don't take heed, there is a possibility of losing all the blessings that God has given to us.
And the enemy is trying to put a kind of snare before us so that we may lose all the blessings of God.
And you know this snare is not something that is put...
The enemy puts it in a very subtle manner so that we may not understand.
That's why God says, take heed.
Unless we take heed, we will fall into the trap or the snare of the enemy.
And at the same time the Lord says, the coming of the Lord may be like a snare.
That means it may come any time, the time when we do not expect.
That's the reason we are told to always to take heed or to be careful.
Praise be to God.
And here he tells us certain things that will try to come and be like a snare in our life.
These are things that look very harmless.
But they are the very things that can be a snare in our lives.
And when we are careful concerning these things, we can escape all the traps of the enemy.
In verse 34, the Lord tells about three things that will try to come and blind our eyes.
First he tells us, take heed so that your hearts may not be overcharged with self-heating.
Here we know that food is something which is very essential for our living.
In the same manner, there are so many things that are very essential for our physical living.
But Jesus says, even in that thing we must be careful that we may not be overcharged or we should not be overly indulged in those things.
And that's what St. Paul also tells us.
If you read in 1 Corinthians 6 chapter, verse 12 he says, meats for the belly and the belly for the meats and the Lord will destroy both.
Then he says that I have got power to do all things, but I will not be brought under the power of any.
I will not allow myself to be brought under the power of any.
So even in the world, there are things that are necessary, but those things must not be eminence in our life.
When we give pre-eminence to these temporal things, they become a snare in our life.
So how can we escape this snare or how can we know what to do in the correct manner?
St. Paul gives us one suggestion.
If we turn to 1 Corinthians 10 chapter or read verse 31.
So here St. Paul says how to draw the line as to what is the limit.
He says do all things for the glory of God.
Even if we eat or drink, do it for the glory of God.
Not to just fill our appetite, not to just satisfy our body or flesh.
It must be for the glory of God.
And when we do all things for the glory of God, we know that even that eating and drinking is becoming a blessing in our life.
When we do all things in the right manner, God will bless it and turn it into a health.
Even the food that we eat must give health to our body.
This is why the Lord also gives us promises that I will bless your bread and water and I will take away sickness from you.
In other words, when we don't do it for the glory of God, we are inviting sickness into our body.
Praise be to God. These days let us do all things for the glory of God.
Let us not go overboard and cross the boundary so that those things may not be a snare in our lives.
And here Jesus says that this snare can hinder us from being caught up in his coming.
Unless we escape this snare, we cannot be ready for the coming of the Lord. Praise be to God.
And secondly, he says, our hearts must not be overcharged with drunkenness.
Here the word drunkenness means anything that intoxicates us.
As we all know, there is something called a need in our life.
Then there is something called desire.
And then thirdly, we see intoxication or something craving.
Need, of course, God is well able to provide and he wants us to have our needs.
But as for desires, sometimes God will give it to us, sometimes God will say, no, it's not good for you.
But as for the craving or for that intoxication, it's out of question.
Sometimes we get so involved, so much craving after certain things.
Even young people, they go after so many things in the world.
Even last night, we heard how the world is drawing or captivating young people through the Internet and Facebook and such things.
They don't mind being without food, but they can't be without that Internet or that Facebook.
In the same manner, there may be certain things that are just going beyond that border.
We must not allow such things to enter.
And St Paul also gives us an idea for that.
When we turn to the book of Ephesians, 5th chapter and verse 18.
So there he tells us not to be drunk with wine.
He tells us first, don't be not drunk with wine.
And then he says what we should do in that place.
We must be intoxicated with the spirit of God.
When the spirit of God comes into us, he fills us with the love of God.
We must be intoxicated.
That will not take us to any sin or that will not take us to any wrong place.
And that will make us ready for the coming of the Lord.
Today, we must give more importance to being filled with the spirit of God.
Sometimes people may wonder why these people are making so much of noise.
We are being intoxicated with the spirit of God, with the love of God.
When we are filled with the spirit of God, we can overcome this drunkenness.
There are many things that make us drunk.
When we look at the prodigal son, he was so drunk with the pleasures of sin and the world that he lost his proper senses.
He lost his proper understanding.
He could not differentiate what is good and bad.
Only when he lost everything and when he was brought to just some rags and bones that he understood that he has gone in the rock.
So those pleasures, in fact, he was intoxicated with and he made him to lose his senses, his understanding.
Take heed that the day will not come to you as soon as possible, and it will come to all those who dwell in the whole universe.
And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeity and drunkenness and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares, for as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.
Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of Man.
Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.
And be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the Spirit.
says when he came back to himself when he came back to the right senses then he
understood his state. But when we are filled with the spirit of God we can
understand what is wrong and right and we will not get into the snare of the
enemy. And St. Paul further says that those that are Christ have
crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. They have already
crucified that flesh. And the next verse he says what we have to do if we are in
Christ. If you read in Galatians chapter verse 25 it says we have to live in the
spirit and we have to walk in the spirit. In this manner we will be able to
overcome all the snares of the enemy and we will be able to become more than
conquerors and we can be found ready for the coming of the Lord. Praise be to
God. And thirdly the Lord says that we must not be overcharged or overburdened
with the cares of this life. Yes we have got so many needs and burdens in this
world. We have got so many things that necessary for our family. Many things
necessary for our children. So these all these things are there but these we
must not allow these things to overburden us. And what does St. Paul
says? Read the Philippians 4 chapter verse 6. Let your requests be made
known unto God. Be careful for nothing. Praise be to God. That's the word
of God. That's the promise of God. We must lay at the Lord's feet and wait for
the Lord to work for us. The word of God says he cares for us and he is well
able to bear all our burden and he is well able to solve our burden. Therefore
we should not allow any burden any kind of need to come and overburden us. When
we allow these things to overburden us we see that they will hinder us from
bearing fruit in our spiritual life. Even Jesus calls all these kinds of
burdens as thorns. Read in Luke chapter 8 verse 14. So here Jesus speaks
about cares and the riches and pleasures of this life. And all these things like
are like all these cares when you carry yourself they become thorns in your life.
And we know the nature of thorns. It will harm us and it will harm others.
That's why we should not allow these thorns to come and remain in our lives.
We may think after all it's my need it's my so I have to be burdened
about it. We may think that it is alright to be burdened but those burdens will
become turned into thorns. In the same manner when we go after riches they
become thorns. Saint Paul says the love of money is like thorns and it will
really prick us and grieve us, bring us into sorrow. In the same manner pleasures
of this life. All these things will become turned into thorns. At the
beginning it may be alright but at days as days go by they become thorns in our
life. And what will be the result of these thorns as Jesus said in that
verse. We will not be able to bring forth fruit unto perfection. I know God
desires that we must bring forth fruit unto perfection but when we allow these
thorns they will come and choke that growth of the fruit. And as a result we
will not become perfect fruit in the sight of God. You know Christ is coming
to gather his precious fruits. We must not become half ripe fruit. And the word
of God says first we must bring forth good fruit. If you read in the Matthew
3 8 and you can read for yourself. In 3 8 we must bring forth good
fruit. No good fruit means the axe will be put to the fruit of the tree.
After that we have to also bring perfect fruit. These thorns if you allow these
thorns in your life they will hinder the growth of that fruit. If we are to stand
before the Son of Man we have to bring forth perfect fruit. Praise be to God.
Meditation I would like to point out certain kinds of fruit. When you turn to
the book of Micah in the seventh chapter verse 1. So praise be to God. If you
read it there are in this verse if you read the English term there are three
types of fruits. First we call it the first ripe fruit. Then we see the summer
fruit. Then we read about the winter. Praise be to God. The same fruit has got
three qualities. We can take for example the fig fruit. There are three
types of fruit in it. First we read about the first ripe fruit. In Jeremiah 24 3 we
read about the first ripe fruit. Praise be to God. Then we read about the summer
fruit. The fig that bears in summer fruit and then the winter. Praise be to God.
Among these three types of fruit it is the summer fruit that is the best. The
first ripe fruits may be appealing to some people but it is doesn't have the
same quality as a summer fruit. In the same manner the fruit in the winter it
takes its own type of ripe but that fruit also it may appear big in size but not in
taste or quality. Now we will try to apply it in our spiritual life. When we
see the first ripe fruit what is the setback of this first ripe fruit? In the
book of Nahum chapter 3 verse 12. So this first ripe fruit what is the quality of
this fruit? The moment you shake the branch everything falls down. Here the
prophet says that it shows instability. It must not be like the first ripe. We
must be firm. Praise be to God. And God desires that we should be the right type
of fruit. And winter fruit what do we understand? It doesn't ripe at the right
time. It takes its own sweet time. It takes its own time. What does that show in our
life? A slothfulness. Taking our own sweet time. We don't want to
bring forth fruit in the time that God has appointed for us. That kind of fruit
also will not be very quality. But Jesus is coming from the real fruit that has
got the real quality. Like the summer fruit. That summer fruit has got the best
taste and it's the best fruit that God wants. In Psalms 1-3 what
do we read? We read about those who fear the Lord and those who meditate on the
word of God day and night. They will bear fruit in due season. You know God
expects to bear fruit in the particular season. We must bear fruit then only. Not
before or after. God desires that kind of fruit. And also we read that to bear
this fruit you need patience. To bear the perfect fruit we need patience.
That's what we read in Luke 8-14.
Those who are in the good ground are those who put unto perfection, they go through patiently.
They don't jump and go forward immediately as they like.
They wait for God's counsel, they wait patiently.
There's another blessing that comes through that patience.
In Luke 21, when we read in verse 19, Jesus says, in patience possess ye your souls.
When we have patience, we can preserve our souls.
We lose many blessings because of our impatience.
God wants to create this patience in our life.
One reason why God did not reveal the day or the time that Jesus is going to come is
He wants us to, He wants to create that patience in our life.
We have to patiently wait for the coming of the Lord.
If God tells us the time, we will be doing so many things as we like.
We will be doing so many unnecessary things as we like.
Sometimes God also doesn't reveal His will immediately.
Therefore, we have to wait patiently.
Sometimes God doesn't explain why certain things take place in our life.
He wants us to wait patiently.
And as we wait patiently, this fruit will come to perfect.
Praise be to God.
In this end, even in difficult times, we have to bear fruit.
How can we bear fruit in difficult times by trusting God?
As you read in Jeremiah chapter 17, read in verses 7 and 8, Blessed is the man who trusted
the Lord.
He will be like a plant that will bear fruit even in very hot or dry season.
There we see we have to bear fruit even in difficult times.
That is called the due time.
We may think that, Lord, I will bear fruit later when things all become normal.
Others will say, Lord, let things all be settled, all the problems be settled, then I will bear
fruit.
But dear God says, no, even in the midst of that difficult time, you have to bear fruit.
That is the due time in God's sight.
In this manner, we must bear the fruit that God desires in our life.
For that, we must be careful not to come into the snare of the cares of this life, riches
of this life, and the pleasures of this life.
We must always be awake and know what are the things that are trying to make us to fall.
Praise be to God.
Next, Jesus says that we must be found worthy to stand before the Son of Man.
In order to make us worthy to stand before him, God gives us certain experiences.
But we have to receive these experiences by faith.
Here we read in that verse, the key verse, that we must be counted worthy to stand before
him.
And how can we become worthy?
That's why I always like to give another word for that word, worthy.
What is another word we can say for worthy, righteousness.
We have to be found righteous to stand before God.
Because God is righteous.
And we know that we have got no righteousness of our own.
All our righteousness are like filthy rags.
That's why God gives us his righteousness.
We have to receive that righteousness by faith.
When we read in Romans 425, he was delivered for our offenses and he was raised for our
justification.
Praise be to God.
Where through the death and the resurrection of Jesus Christ, we have been given the righteousness
to stand before God.
He is giving it to us freely.
He is giving it freely.
Nobody can say, oh the Lord has not given me that righteousness.
It's up to each one of us to receive it from God.
Praise be to God.
Then we see how God adds to this righteousness.
In Galatians 327, as many of us who have taken baptism, we have put on Christ.
Or in other words, we have put on the very righteousness of Christ.
Again, this righteousness, Christ is giving to us freely.
But it's up to us to obey the word of God and to receive the righteousness.
We have to do our part and automatically that righteousness comes and covers us.
Praise be to God.
And further, how does he take into this righteousness, which makes us worthy to stand before him.
When we read in Ephesians chapter 2, read verse 18.
By one spirit unto the father.
Through that one spirit, God has given us access to the father.
To go to the father also, we need righteousness.
To go to the very presence of God, we need righteousness.
Given that God is giving us freely, by filling us with the Holy Spirit, he is giving us the
righteousness to be in God's presence.
As we dwell in God's presence, we see God is preparing us to stand before Christ when
he comes.
That's the reason we are told to be filled with the Spirit of God.
That's why earlier we saw we should live in the Spirit.
We should walk in the Spirit, by that we could be in the presence of God.
If we are in God's presence, we become worthy to stand before Christ when he comes.
You know, after this convention, maybe we will be going to our respective places.
We are not always going to be in this convention ground.
We are going to be in our respective houses.
We may go to our respective place of work.
We may go to our place of study.
But God has given us the Spirit so that we could always dwell in the presence of God.
As long as we are in God's presence, we can stand before Christ when he comes.
Praise be to God.
And next we see that when we show that we are trusting God, when we show that we are
trusting God, God gives us his righteousness.
For when he sees a person trusting him, he gives his righteousness.
That's why in Romans 1-17 we read, the just shall live by faith.
When he sees us trusting for healing, he gives us his healing.
When we trust him for our victorious life, he gives us that victorious life.
These experiences are called the righteousness of God.
Through these experiences, God is making us worthy to stand before him.
So let us continue to trust God in every aspect of our life.
I remember the death of one brother.
Once he called me over the phone.
And he said, pastor, always I hear that if you don't trust God, if you are taking medicine,
you won't be caught up when Jesus comes.
I don't know what to do.
I'm finding it difficult to trust God.
There is one sickness for which I always take medication.
I do not know how to overcome it.
I was just praying in my heart, Lord, so I must give the right answer to this person.
Of course, I can give him the doctor, I can give him the doctrine very easily.
But how am I going to help this soul?
I told brother, you forget everything and say, Lord, I'm going to love you.
Whether life or death, I want to love you and give me that kind of love.
No, I just prayed for him and left him, but God truly, he would have prayed like that.
He was really filled with the love of God and little by little, he was just offering
himself to do anything for God.
And God, he died, trusting God and God honored, praise be to God.
Yes, dear people of God, to show that we are loving him, trusting him.
When we do that, God will do all things for us and we will have a beautiful end.
God will honor us in the latter end.
praise be to God and here we see that we have to stand before Christ when he comes. How are we
going to stand before him? First of all, we have to stand while we are on this earth. If we are not
standing on this earth, we cannot stand before him in the mid-air. But also, God is giving us all the
necessary blessings. So you look at it from that. You see, it becomes, Christian life becomes a very
easy life and a joyful life. It is God who gives us the experience to stand before him. All we have
to do is just receive it from him. Praise be to God. So how can we stand before him while we are on
this earth? By his grace. I read Romans 5 chapter. I read verse 2. Praise be to God. So by the
grace of God or by faith in Christ, we have got the entrance into the grace of God. Now we can stand
on this grace. This grace is something that Christ gives us freely. We don't have any
worthiness to receive the grace of God. Just believe and that grace comes into you. And what
does this grace will do? In this aspect, we must call this an act. It is not the grace that will
come and stay dormant in our life. When the grace comes into us, it starts working in our life.
That's why we call this grace the working grace. We call this grace the saving grace. We call this
grace the teaching grace. This grace the helping grace. In any situation, the grace of God can
help you. We call this grace the labor. That's why St. Paul says, I've labored more than all.
But not I. But the grace of God that is in me. Dear child of God, is there anything too hard for
you? If that be so, all you need is the grace of God. By the grace of God, you can do things that
you cannot do normally. Praise be to God. And in Romans 5-2, what does that grace do? By standing
on that grace, what will happen? We will attain the glory of God. Just stand on that grace and
God's glory is going to come into you. Obey the grace of God and God's glory will come into you.
Trust the grace of God and God's glory will come into you. You trust the grace of God,
new strength will come into you. Praise be to God. You know, even the ministry we do is
all by the grace of God. Praise be to God. Not through our physical strength. It's by the grace
of God. As I've always told you, when I came for the ministry, I was a very weak person.
One believer told me, brother, why you came for this ministry? I don't know whether you can stand
for five years. But the grace of God came and strengthened me. The grace of God helped me to
do this ministry. The grace of God that made me to stand in the ministry. If there is anyone who
thinks that you are too weak to serve God, you trust the grace of God. This morning, God will
fill you with that grace. You can see a new strength. Praise be to God. And what does Saint Peter
say? 1 Peter 5 chapter verse 10. So for some time we'll go through suffering, but the grace of God
will be there. He'll give you grace to go through that suffering and he'll make us perfect. He will
strengthen us. He will settle us and make us worthy of that eternal glory. God has provided
as long as we stand on the grace of God, we will become worthy to stand before Christ when he comes.
And next we see we have to stand on faith. If you read in 2 Corinthians and 1st chapter verse 24,
the last portion. He stand by faith. We must stand by faith. Here standing by faith means
trusting the promises of God. That's why in the previous verse, that verse 21,
there we read all the promises are A and A man in Christ. So when we trust the promises of God,
there we see we get strength to stand and make us ready for the coming of the Lord.
And we can be ready to receive the glory of God. And we must continue to stand by faith,
not only standing by faith, we have to walk by faith. As Saint Paul says in 2 Corinthians chapter
5 verse 7, we walk by faith, not by faith. We must stand by faith. As we saw about grace in the same
manner, faith is also called a work. And James says that faith without works is dead. As we are
standing on faith Paul, as we are standing on the word of God, as we are standing on the promises of
God, we can reveal the works of faith. And through the works, faith is perfected. Even in these days,
God wants us to reveal works of faith in our life. When we are revealing the works of faith, that
shows that we are getting ready to stand before the Son of Man. When we look at the saints and
the people of God who have gone before us, revealed their faith through their work, God desires the
same works must be revealed in our life. And surely we will be found ready to stand before the Son of
Man. Praise be to God. When we further read in Galatians 5 chapter, in verse 1, we are told to
stand in the liberty that God has given to us. God has given us a liberty in our spirit. We should
not be brought under bondage to anything. Even sometimes our own righteousness will bring us
into bondage. That's why here St. Paul says we should never be brought back into the old bondage.
Let us remain in the liberty that God has given to us. If there is anything that is keeping us
bound, let us ask the Lord for a deliverance. The spirit of God is there is liberty. You trust the
spirit of God. Enjoy the liberty in the spirit. There will be liberty in our mind, in our heart,
in our body. Nothing can keep us bound. Nothing can keep us bound because God has given us the liberty.
He is the Son of God. If the Son of God sets you free, you shall be free indeed. Therefore,
let us abide in the liberty that God has given to us. Praise be to God. And one more thing in which
we have to stand. That we have to stand even in the times of battle. Read Ephesians 6 chapter verse
13. So here we see we have to stand during the evil day. How can we stand? Before we stand we have
to witch-stand. That shows that Christian life is a life of battle. Without battles there is no
victory. Even yesterday we saw we are all kings. But the king cannot be a true king unless he faces
battle. We must not become slothful kings. Like David at one time became slothful. Instead of
going to the battle he stayed back in his palace. And as a result he lost the battle. The battle in
his life was lost. And the word of God, G God says only that instant was a was a negative point in
his life. And all other points on the right side. But in that point he lost the battle. He did not
want to fight the battle. We are people of God. Our Christian life is full of battles. Therefore
let us stand boldly and against those battles. Even to fight against sin we need that kind of
boldness to stand boldly.
Also, we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God
Who had called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus after that he have suffered a
Established strength and settle you so take unto you the whole armor of God
That he may be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all to stand
We have to stand against world, against all evil powers in order to stand against this evil powers
Here the word of God says we must be clad with the whole armor of God
God has given us that arm. We have to put on those armor and we see so many armors mentioned there
But we are not going to go into detail of this armor
Truth is like an armor and we see the faith is an arm. We see hope is an arm
Even the gospel of peace is an armor. In this manner every spiritual blessing is an arm
But if this armor is to be put to use
We have to do one thing. We have to sanctify our lives
Without sanctifying our lives this armor is of no use
Only when we sanctify our lives this armor will be applicable in our life
Praise be to God. This armor first protects us from the enemy
Secondly helps us to fight against the enemy. So we have to fight them
Like David we must not be slothful
But again when we come to second Samuel 5th chapter there we see the enemy came against him and what did he do?
He did not immediately jump and go to the battle. First he went and hid himself in the strong hold
Yes, first he had to protect himself. He has to get new strength. He has fought so many battles
Still he knew that he needed a new strength. He needed a new counsel
Therefore he went to the stronghold
There he knew that the enemy cannot come and touch him. Next what did he do? He asked the Lord Lord
What should I do? God gave him a counsel
You go against them. He will be with you. And he obeyed the voice of God. Council of God
He got the victory. Again the second time the enemy came. Again he asked the council of God
He did not think the first time God gave counsel that I must go and fight and so now also I can go
He still waited for God
God told him this night this time don't go as before
You set ambushments against them
And then come upon the enemy
You wait there and you will see the stir among the mulberry tree
You wait till that movement. When you hear that stirring of that voice that noise you go forward
Yes, dear people of God meet the council of God. Without the council of God, we cannot fight this battle
Having fought the battle
Having got the victory. We have to stand as we read in that English English
Translation it says after having overcome we must first we must get the victory. Then we have to stand
We must stand as overcomers. When we stand as overcomers we can stand before Jesus
God will do all things necessary for us. And finally, what did Jesus say? He says watch and pray
You have to watch and pray so that you can stand before him
First of all, we must watch so that the enemy may not take us by sub is watching
And secondly, we must watch so that he may not so pass in our upper that parable Jesus gave
I see they all the servants so the good corn good seed
but they all slept and
Enemy came in shot and so pass among them
Yes, when we are not watchful, he will come and so pass in our life
And that's why Jesus said we must watch and we must also watch
So that for the coming of the Lord here watching means waiting for the coming of the Lord
Waiting when he will come with earnest desire. We have to wait Jesus comes we can go
If we are not waiting
And suddenly if Jesus comes and what are we going to do at that time? We cannot be running here and there
As God is not Jesus is not going to inform us the time in the day before he comes
He is going to come sudden. Therefore. We are told to be ready at all time
That's why we read about New Jerusalem. She was prepared and adorned like a bride for her husband
We have to overcome instead and we must land stand being prepared. We must have all the garments ready
No, suddenly you Jesus comes and all of our garments are not there. We cannot go when he comes
One saint of God told me told us this experience. He was one of the sons of our founder
I didn't even he was a little boy
He was in the faith. Oh all the others were safe and they were all called as good children
He was not safe if anything goes wrong, they will put the blame on him
They because they thought that he was the the problem. He was the one who did there
He doesn't even if he doesn't do the problem the blame will come on him
And one day, you know the convention was going on and he was in the kitchen and all were in the convention meeting
And he was there in the kitchen
Doing some work and they were singing the song
If Jesus would come tonight, are your garments clean and white and he looked at his garments
It was all stained and he understood his spiritual state
Surrendered his life to God after that. He became a man who was a zealous servant of God very end
He was so jealous. He would not allow you to even waste one minute
Oh, he knew that Jesus is going to come anytime and his garments must be white and clean now for that
We have to watch
And further we have to pray. We have to pray for God's protection
You know, however a saint we may be however great a saint unless God protects us
He cannot stand so we have to always pray for God's protection
And we have to pray for God's bliss. We need God's blessings
Given us this year so that we claim the blessings of God this year
Thirdly, we have to pray for his guidance today. We need the guidance of God
And we must surrender ourself to the guidance of God a child of God. You are so confused in your life
But tonight is more you surrender yourself to the guidance of God
Pray to the Lord Lord guide me according to your your guidance and I will follow you your guidance
If that be so
When Jesus comes will be counted worthy to stand before him
Shall we all be on our knees?
Shall we all re-dedicate our life? Give ourselves the hands of God. God is moving in our way to make us to stand
See I've fallen one or two times this morning
He wants to lift you up
God is able to lift you up
This moving in our way. You need not be afraid
So, he has chosen you so that you know, he has called you so that you may become perfect as he is perfect. He has given you his grace
He has given you his faith. Oh, he's giving you the liberty for that
The grace of God is coming upon you
God is a
